♪♪♪
♪ (VIBEZ) ♪
♪ [REMA] ANOTHER BANGER ♪
♪ BABY CALM DOWN CALM DOWN ♪
♪ GIRL THIS YOUR BODY E PUT
MY HEART FOR LOCKDOWN ♪
♪ FOR LOCKDOWN OH LOCKDOWN ♪
♪ GIRL YOU SWEET
LIKE FANTA FANTA ♪
♪ IF I TELL YOU SAY I LOVE YOU
NO DEY FORM YANGA OH YANGA ♪
♪ NO TELL ME NO NO NO NO
WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH ♪
♪ OH OH OH OH OH
OH OH OH OH OH OH ♪
♪ BABY COME GIMME YOUR
LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO
-LO-LOVE ♪
♪ YOU GOT ME LIKE WOAH WOAH WOAH
WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH ♪
♪ SHAWTY COME GIMME YOUR
LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO
-LO-LOVE, HMM ♪
♪ I SEE THIS FINE GIRL
FOR MY PARTY SHE WEAR YELLOW ♪
♪ EVERY OTHER GIRL THEY DEY DO
TOO MUCH BUT THIS GIRL MELLOW ♪
♪ NAIM I DEY FIND SITUATION
I GO USE TAKE TELL AM HELLO ♪
♪ FINALLY I FIND WAY TO TALK TO
THE GIRL BUT SHE NO WAN FOLLOW ♪
♪ WHO YOU COME DEY FORM FOR?
WOAH (MHMM) ♪
♪ WHY YOU NO WAN' CONFORM?
♪ THEN I START TO FEEL
HER BUM-BUM (MHMM) ♪
♪ BUT SHE DEY GIMME SMALL,
SMALL, WOAH ♪
♪ I KNOW SAY SHE SABI PASS
THAT ONE, ON (MHMM) ♪
♪ BUT SHE FEELING INSECURE,
WOAH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE HER FRIENDS GO
DEY GUM HER LIKE CHEWING GUM,
WOAH (MHMM) ♪
♪ GO DEY GUM HER
LIKE CHEWING GUM, OH-WOAH ♪
♪ YEAH, I KNOW I LOOK SHY BUT
FOR YOU I GET DOWN, OH, WOAH ♪
♪ AND MY HIPS MAKE YOU CRY WHEN
I'M MOVING AROUND YOU (YEAH) ♪
♪ DO IT ONCE, DO IT TWICE
(DO IT TWICE) ♪
♪ I PUSH BACK,
YOU HOLD ME TIGHT ♪
♪ GET A TASTE FOR A NIGHT ♪
♪ BABY SHOW ME YOU CAN
CALM DOWN, CALM DOWN ♪
♪ DANCE WITH ME AND
TAKE THE LEAD NOW, LEAD NOW ♪
♪ GOT YOU SO HIGH THAT YOU CAN'T
COME DOWN, COME DOWN ♪
♪ DON'T YOU ASK, YOU KNOW YOU'RE
ALLOWED, ALLOWED (OH NO) ♪
♪ WHEN IT'S YOU I CAN'T SAY
NO-OH-OH-OH-OH-OH-OH-
OH-OH-OH-OH ♪
♪ BABY GIVE ME
LO-OH-OH-OH-OH-OH-OH-OH-
OH-OH-LOVE ♪
♪ YOU GOT ME LIKE WOAH WOAH WOAH
WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH ♪
♪ SHAWTY, COME GIMME YOUR
LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-OH-
OH-OH-OH-LOVE, MM-HMM ♪
♪ AS I REACH MY HOUSE,
I SAY MAKE A REST SMALL, OH-WOAH
(MAKE A REST SMALL, OH-WOAH) ♪
♪ AS ME I WAKE UP NA SHE
DEY MY MIND, OH-WOAH
(NA SHE DEY MY MIND, OH-WOAH) ♪
♪ DAY ONE, DAY TWO, I NO FIT
FOCUS (I NO FIT FOCUS) ♪
♪ NA SO ME I CALL AM,
SAY MAKE WE LINK UP, WOAH
(I SAY MAKE WE LINK UP WOAH) ♪
♪ GOT MY HAND ON YOUR HEART NOW,
I CAN FEEL IT RACE ♪
♪ IF I LEAVE THEN YOU SAY
YOU CAN NEVER LOVE AGAIN ♪
♪ WANNA GIVE YOU IT ALL BUT
CAN'T PROMISE THAT I'LL STAY ♪
♪ AND THAT'S THE RISK YOU TAKE
(YOU TAKE) ♪
♪ BABY CALM DOWN CALM DOWN ♪
♪ GIRL THIS YOUR BODY E PUT
MY HEART FOR LOCKDOWN ♪
♪ FOR LOCKDOWN OH LOCKDOWN ♪
♪ GIRL YOU SWEET
LIKE FANTA FANTA ♪
♪ IF I TELL YOU SAY I LOVE YOU
NO DEY FORM YANGA OH YANGA ♪
♪ NO TELL ME NO NO NO NO
WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH ♪
♪ OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH
OH OH (YOUR LOVE, YOUR LOVE) ♪
♪ BABY COME GIMME YOUR
LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO
-LO-LOVE ♪
♪ YOU GOT ME LIKE WOAH WOAH WOAH
WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH ♪
♪ SHAWTY COME GIMME YOUR
LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO-LO
-LO-LOVE, HMM ♪
♪♪♪
♪ (YOUR LOVE) ♪
[LOW CRACKLE]